20260621 update (#128)
Xahau/xahau-web: src/content/docs/docs/protocol-reference/transactions/transaction-types/claimreward.mdx

| `Issuer`        | String    | AccountID           | _(Optional)_ The genesis account (XAH rewards) or an IOU account (IOU rewards).                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `ClaimCurrency` | Object    | Issue               | _(Optional, IOURewardClaim)_ The IOU currency to claim rewards for, as `{"currency": "...", "issuer": "..."}`. Cannot be XAH. The issuer must not be the genesis account and must not equal `Account`. Requires a trustline to exist between `Account` and the issuer. |

### ClaimReward Flags

Transactions of the ClaimReward type support additional values in the `Flags` field, as follows:

| Flag Name  | Hex Value    | Decimal Value | Description                                                                                                                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `tfOptOut` | `0x00000001` | 1             | Opts the account out of XAH genesis rewards by removing reward-related fields from the account's ledger object. Not applicable when `ClaimCurrency` is specified. |

Reviewer: also applicable when IOURewardClaim

Author: Updated

### Special Transaction Cost

The ClaimReward transaction has a standard transaction cost, which is the minimum transaction cost required for all transactions.

### IOU Reward Behaviour

_(Requires the \[IOURewardClaim amendment]\[].)_

When `ClaimCurrency` is specified, the transaction follows the IOU reward path:

> 1. The `Issuer` account must have a Hook installed that fires on `ttCLAIM_REWARD`. The Hook is responsible for calculating and distributing the reward payout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `Issuer` account must have a Hook installed that fires on `ClaimReward` transaction. The Hook is responsible for calculating and distributing the reward payout.
```

Author: Done

| `temDISABLED`      | Occurs if the required amendment (`BalanceRewards` or `IOURewardClaim`) is not enabled.                                                        |
| `temINVALID_FLAG`  | Occurs if the flag is set to a value other than 1. _(Requires the \[fixRewardClaimFlags amendment]\[].)_                                       |
| `temMALFORMED`     | Occurs if `ClaimCurrency` is an non-currency or XAH type, if the issuer equals `Account`, or if the transaction fields are otherwise incorrectly set.   |
| `temBAD_ISSUER`    | Occurs if `ClaimCurrency` is set but the issuer is the genesis account, or if `Issuer` is the genesis account but `ClaimCurrency` is also set. |
| `terNO_ACCOUNT`    | Occurs if the sending account does not exist.                                                                                                  |
| `tecNO_ISSUER`     | Occurs if the `Issuer` account does not exist.                                                                                                 |
| `tecNO_PERMISSION` | Occurs if the issuer account is an AMM account. AMM accounts cannot have reward Hooks.                                                         |

> | `tecNO_TARGET`     | Occurs if the issuer account has no Hooks, or none of its Hooks fires on `ttCLAIM_REWARD`.                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tecNO_TARGET`     | Occurs if the issuer account has no Hooks, or none of its Hooks fires on `ClaimReward` transaction.                                                     |
```
